if your B2B companies neglecting these
website Pages you might be missing out
on daily qualified leads customers and
Revenue
[Music]
hey I'm Sam Dunning host the top 10 B2B
marketing podcast business growth show
and to check out my free podcasts
playbooks resources or whenever you're
ready to apply to work with me head over
to
samdunning.org So after talking to
hundreds of B2B execs and Founders on my
podcast business great show after
launching around 310 different websites
over the years and after looking at tons
of B2B sites SAS sites and more these
are the top five pages that I see get
neglected time and again when it comes
to B2B let's jump straight into it with
some examples
thank you
so first up we've got Alternatives pages
also known as comparison Pages or versus
Pages these are a great way to capture
prospects at the bottom of the funnel
but if perhaps got one or two or more
vendors in mind and a great way to
position your brand as the go-to choice
for what they need they rank super well
when it comes to SEO and organic search
because they're usually long form Pages
like listicles where you compare 10 or
more vendors and position your companies
that go to it's not a place where you
want to slate or your competition you
don't want to put all their flaws or
negative things because it could cost
you a legal battle what you do want to
do is get a factual about your
competitors but at the same time focus
on your points of differentiation for
your SAS solution or your service or
your offer so you can position your
product or service as the go to Choice
I'm looking at the pandado.com site in
this case they've gone after the keyword
proposify alternative so if perhaps
someone's got proposed by mind but
they're looking for an alternative
proposal sales software this is where
Panda Doc's going to show up both in
organic search and possibly with Google
ads if they're going after that keyword
on their Google ads their Google page
search so in this case what Panda
doc.com did on their long form page is
they've got 10 alternatives
first and foremost they give a bullet
point snapshot of kind of proposify
summary and then they talk about the key
differentiators of their own offer Panda
doc with some screenshots some ratings
oh the points of differentiation about
their service so the features the
examples the templates they provide the
ultimate automation the CRM the free
trials the onboarding the success
metrics so basically all those tweaks
that make them more bespoke make them
different that make them stand out and
they position themselves as the go-to
they've got a clear call to action so if
you want to try the software for free
you can do so and then underneath
they've got the list of kind of nine
other competitive vendors to basically
show that they're not just focusing on
their offer even though it is top
foremost right away but giving you long
form content that's going to rank well
with SEO and also give users kind of
some more information so like I say
super good page when it comes to SEO
also can be good for Google ads
also gives people that are comparing two
or three or more vendors kind of clear
ideas on how you stand out so that's an
Alternatives page alternatively to that
you've got a versus page so if I look at
lead feeder my friends at leadfeeder.com
they've gone for the keyword lead feeder
versus lead forensics a slightly
different keyword if someone's searching
for that on Google again you can do this
for SEO and paid ads a long form page we
essentially look at all the differences
you weigh them all up it could be about
payment terms could be about the actual
product could be about the features it
could be about the free trial time could
be about the payments the Integrations
again you want to position yourself with
points of differentiation you typically
want a long form page where you compare
the two and then you've usually got
clear call to actions to kind of do a
free sign up request a consult cool take
a demo whatever that relevant next step
is so those are a few things to consider
when it comes to building out
Alternatives page usually you want to
make a list of what are your main
competitors you want to do some research
on Google some market analysis and then
start building out those pages because
like I say they're a really good way to
capture that bottom of the funnel
traffic for people that have high intent
to speak to sales for your offer
next up we've got the pricing page it
baffles me that so many B2B companies
whether they're SAS Tech or service
based feel that they need to hide
pricing on their website and force
visitors to fill out a lead request or
demo request or consult request form
just to get an idea of how much that
offer costs like I say I've spoken to
hundreds of B2B Founders and execs on my
podcast business growth show and they
want to see pricing I mean typically
when a prospect comes to your B2B
website they want to see a clear idea of
what you do problems you fix how you
help they probably want to see your
offer in action they want to see some
proof of results case studies
testimonials Etc get their questions
answered and then have a clear route to
contact your sales team so if you're
hiding price it's not being transparent
some prospects might just bounce off and
go to a competitor that's actually more
open with their pricing others they
might take the time and request to speak
to cells but ultimately you're forcing
poor fit leads to your sales team you're
wasting prospects time you're wasting
your sales teams time because they might
not even have budget to do business with
you so I'm looking at the web Choice
long form pricing page here so this is
an example of B2B Service Company
um so in this case
we give a clear summary of the overview
of the main plans we say look localized
SEO or light touch SEO plan is from 1.5
K per month or most B2B Tech and service
companies that want aggressive growth
through organic search invests from 4.5
k a month and then we've got the option
with the CTA to request a tailored quote
and speak to cells underneath we're
backing up our claims with some social
proof so we've got some video case
studies of clients that we've helped
with their success stories talking about
that the company practices what they
preach with some examples of page one
results then we've got a breakdown of
the work in more detail on-page seos
off-page SEO
a video summary and then FAQs around how
does SEO work can you guarantee results
is SEO a good fit for my business how do
you outrank competitors and then some
more social proof with a testimonial
slider so pricing pages are not just
good to qualify in prospects from a B2B
service perspective you can back up your
claims with social proof you can answer
common questions you can handle
objections so it can almost be like your
best sales reps and making sure you're
really sending through qualified demos
or Ops to sales
then from a more SAS or Tech focused
option rather than doing the the range
approach that I just outlined you've got
kind of clear-cut packages so if I look
at the chili piper.com pricing page
these guys offer a booking calendar tool
so you can book time to speak to Nae or
sales rep directly through your site by
picking a time on your calendar so
they've got kind of a standard SAS
pricing like instant pricing instant
book of pricing 15 handoff pricing 25
from form concierge 30 and then they've
got a option called districts they've
basically got four different tiers so
it's very clean cut pricing per month or
annually and options to book a demo then
underneath you've got more details on
the exact tech specs of each offer
some social proof so they say join 45
000 others converting prospects to
double their Pipeline with some nice
logos like gong Panda doc salesloft
Airbnb then underneath they've got
bundle options more details about how it
works
more in-depth breakdown of each pricing
option so you can kind of work out what
one's the best fit for you and then
towards the bottom of the page they've
got a ton of FAQs on how it works
licenses Health securities does it work
for complex processes what CRM do you
integrate to do offer discounts and more
and then another call to action to
request a demo so that's more of a clean
cut SAS example so that shows you that
pricing can work for both B2B service
companies with more of a range and then
SAS with more clean cut three or four
tiers should give you some food for
thought a must-have in my opinion for
sending qualified leads to your sales
team and likewise showing transparency
to your prospects I'd say it's one of
the most impactful pages when it comes
to B2B websites
in at three we've got the book a demo or
request a consult page and you might be
thinking Sam this is not an unusual page
to miss out I'm going to share a few
tips that a lot of B2B companies skip
which can actually help you drive more
inbound Ops so if I look at the zesty.co
site on the video version if I click
book a demo it's one thing they've got
on their book a demo page is they've
removed the Top Line menu nav so your
focus is fully on this page and you can
only get back by clicking back on your
keyboard or your mouse and then on the
right hand side they've got their form
where it asks for contact details how
you heard about us and then the product
you're interested in and then book a
time to speak to cells an alternative to
this is you can book in a calendar
directly embed a widget like calendly or
chili Piper or HubSpot calendar so
someone can book a time to directly
speak to cells straight away that suits
them on the left hand side of the book
of demo form they've got something cool
that explains exactly what happens in
that 30 minute demo cool so what you
should expect what's in it for you
questions you can ask and all that good
stuff so it literally breaks down kind
of bullet points of how that demo call
is going to be formed and what's in it
for the prospect an alternative you can
consider is you could have a demo or an
actual video here with one of your team
talking about hey I look forward to
chatting to you on this demo call I'm
going to ask a few questions around your
business any issues you're facing right
now and your key goals and I'm going to
share some examples share how we work
maybe share my screen share what's in it
for you give some practical takeaways
and then see if it makes sense for us to
do some business something short Snappy
and just shares a face-to-face
interaction of what the call is going to
be about and what's in it for them
underneath you can use some social proof
so maybe some testimonials some case
studies like zesty have got some Brands
they've worked with and some nice case
studies from a few clients and also a
banner of some of their well-known
brands that they've helped
another page that's quite nice for their
demo form is on hockeystack.com so again
they've got a headline that says uncover
every touch point from first touch to
close one hockey Stacks basically an
attribution tool that shares how
prospects find interact and then book a
demo shares all the touch points that
they took along the way from a B2B
standpoint so again they've got the form
on the right hand side they've got
average returns that you see when you do
business with them they've got some nice
social proof like G2 logos captera logos
underneath they've got a sliding
testimonial Banner with some case
studies and then at the bottom of the
page we've got some FAQs which is quite
nice so it's asking things that are
relevant to their offer that they'll
often get asked on sales schools like do
I need to work with a developer to use
you how do you handle privacy how many
members do I get on one package what's
up with your name so think about steel
tips from each of these that will work
and that are relevant for your solution
whether you're SAS whether you're B2B
service based what can you do to really
show and convince this prospect that
it's the right choice by taking the time
to fill out your formal booking time to
speak to cells can you add some of my
social proof can you walk them through
what people will entail with a video or
bullet points can you add some relevant
customer case studies can you add some
relevant FAQs to put their mind at ease
and handle those questions that you
often get asked so something to think
about for your demo or consult request
page
next up we've got the resources page or
section and yeah this ain't one page
this could be tens hundreds or even
thousands of pages it could be a drop
down menu in your top line menu now for
resources it could be called education
it could be called learn it could be
called something else doesn't really
matter what it's called but it's more
the fact that this section is going to
house or your educational and
entertaining what we call top of funnel
content and how I recommend playing this
so for example on the web Choice site
we've got resources drop down for B2B
marketing podcasts that links out to my
show business growth show we've got
useful articles which is a Blog section
we've got a couple website and SEO
guides Playbook and then some awards
section so jumping into the Articles how
I built this out and how I recommend
other companies build out articles with
the top of funnel approach is you
basically take the common questions
objections and similar that you get on
sales and customer success calls and
then you create content to directly
attack that reason being is you know
that if you're getting these questions
all the time there's gonna be a bunch of
other people searching for similar
things and then you can create a long
form podcast or video episode and break
that down into a long form blog article
it's going to rank pretty well on SEO
it's going to capture actual demand from
prospects and position you as an
authority in your industry or your Niche
so that's one play to think about when
it comes to building out articles under
your resource section and the other
thing to consider is yeah you might be
thinking well these prospects are just
looking to get an answer to the question
then they might bounce off but it's a
great way to get people's potential
clients into your ecosystem because they
might read an article then they might
download a guide they might sign up to
email list or they might subscribe to
your YouTube or your podcast so then in
your ecosystem consuming your content
but you can also retarget these
prospects with LinkedIn ads or other
social media ads so over time you're
nurturing them you're showing that
you're a go-to relevant company in their
Niche so when they are eventually ready
to to invest in your solution you're
going to be the memorable brand you're
going to be top of mind and they're
probably going to request a demo request
a consult with your company so that's a
value in being a useful educational
resource with your website
foreign
and lastly we've got the about or the
about us page this is often overlooked
especially for B2B service based
companies I've seen it often in the top
10 or the top 20 most visited pages when
looking at analytics so a few things to
consider the about us page isn't the
time to brag about how great your
company is how long you've been trading
all that kind of BS that is egotistical
that you think's good but your prospects
radio clients probably don't care all
that much about I'm looking at
themedic.com page at the moment if
you're on video they're sharing their
main principles so their core values how
they like to work they're sharing a
couple testimonials from their team
members about what they care about and
the value that they bring to the table
with their services and their Solutions
they've got images on their key team
members who can actually see the people
behind the brand and who you might be
working with and then they've got some
links out to latest news and articles
and a bit more about their journey of
how they came to play a so their
timeline of how the company was set up
and the goals for the future and then
right at the bottom they've got a part
about if you're looking interested in
working with them and about their hiring
opportunities so a few nice takeaways
from the medic site other things that
you could share on the about page is
your founder story so why the company
was set up and your Founders problems
they're facing and why they brought the
solution to Market you could then dive
into the key types of idle clients you
tend to serve the problems that they
bring to the table and how you overcome
those problems and frustrations with
your solution and you could also link
out to useful resources so perhaps
you've got a podcast perhaps you've got
resources section perhaps you've got a
YouTube channel and a link out to those
and then you could have a call to action
for people to request to speak to cells
or request a demo so yeah Focus about
what your prospect cares about share a
little bit about your story or your
founder story link out to some useful
resources is some of the top line things
I I'd say is the about us page is often
quite a high traffic page especially in
B2B service Industries you've probably
noticed a theme as I've gone through
these five neglected pages that the best
B2B websites whether you're selling a
service some technology or software as a
service they put your prospects your
dream clients needs first what they care
about seeing what they care about
learning the problems they want to fix
their motivations their goals your
handling their objections you're handing
their questions you're showing them a
clear Next Step you're being transparent
with things like your pricing your rates
and you're making it nice and easy for
them to when they're ready request to
have that sales conversations so bear
these five pages in mind and really hope
this helps you with progressing and
getting better results with your B2B
site
there you have it I hope you found this
episode useful as always if you're on
YouTube a quick subscribe goes a really
long way or if you're on Apple podcast
or rating and review is very much
appreciated and for more free podcasts
resources playbooks or whenever you're
ready to apply to work with me head over
to samdunning.org